# SNHU_CS230

The Gaming Room, a game developer company, wanted to optimize their game to be compatible on multiple different platforms to expand their client base. This document describes the architecture of the code (using a UML diagram and anexplanation of the diagram and its contents) and suggested operating platforms and features to be used to enhance the game "Draw It or Lose It". Being able to see the UML diagram as well as being able to look at the description of the diagram significantly helped with coding the project. It allowed me to be able to visually see how the classes connected with each other and what functions to put in each class. I would improve my descriptions on the preferred features that the client should use, I am still not completely familiar with all the different options out there, so I made my choices based off the limited knowledge I was able to gain throughout this course. It is extremely important to take into account what the client is asking to be done since you are developing the project in order to fulfill the client's requests. A portion of the project that exemplifies this is when the security login was made for the program to protect the information of the users who play the game. I approached software design by just using what I have been most comfortable with using up to this point. I now see that there are benefits to using different platforms/operating systems/features depending on what the software I am developng calls for and I plan to use that knowledge in the future to enhance my ability to determine which system is the best to use.
